wip: some thoughts about article explaining hosted translations in FTW (#565)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/ftw-content/dynamic-translations/index.md

---
title: Hosted translations with Asset Delivery API
slug: hosted-translations
updated: 2022-05-11
category: ftw-content
ingress:
  This article describes how hosted translations work in Flex
  Template for Web (FTW).
published: true
---

Big picture / generic content
- Template needs to have default translations so that if operator accidentally deletes one translation key from the Console, the UI can still render something meaningful for that part of the page.

- Hosted translations are translations that operator can edit in Flex Console and client app needs to fetch them from Asset Delivery API.
  - (Is there a better name for this than "hosted translations"? Code now uses that "hostedAsset" since generic "asset might be too generic to find with search-by-typing")
  - There are 2 ways to fetch assets from Asset Delivery API
    - by version
      - `sdk.assetByVersion({ path: 'config/translation.json', version: '<some-hash-string>' })`
      - can be cached for a long time
    - by alias: 
      - `sdk.assetByVersion({ path: 'config/translation.json', alias: 'latest' })`
      - currently only 'latest' alias is available

>       - has 5 minutes cache in production and 5 seconds on test environment. These cache times are subject to change.

Author: ```suggestion
      - has 5 minutes cache in production and 5 seconds on a dev environment. These cache times are subject to change.
```
